DOCS-3606, DOCS-4468 Error Tracking Index Pages Doc Edit (#16412)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/error_tracking/_index.md

> It is critical for your system’s health to consistently monitor the errors collected by Datadog. When there are many individual error events, it becomes hard to prioritize errors for troubleshooting. 

Author: ```suggestion
It is critical for your system’s health to consistently monitor the errors collected by Datadog. When there are many individual error events, it becomes hard to prioritize errors for troubleshooting. By tracking, triaging, and debugging logs, you can minimize the impact of fatal errors on your browser, mobile, and backend services.
```

## Overview

It is critical for your system’s health to consistently monitor the errors collected by Datadog. When there are many individual error events, it becomes hard to prioritize errors for troubleshooting. By tracking, triaging, and debugging logs, you can minimize the impact of fatal errors on your browser, mobile, and backend services.

> Once you have setup logs for **Browser and Mobile** or **Backend** error tracking, the issue list populates with cards. You can view open, ignored, or all issues, sort issues by volume or age, and filter issues by all custom and default facets on your logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set up logs for **Browser and Mobile** or **Backend** error tracking, the issue list populates with cards. You can view open, ignored, or all issues, sort issues by volume or age, and filter issues by all custom and default facets on your logs.
```
